The eldest lady is really relative in this dress
But this is just Niannian's insight
Madam is the chief designer of Jiangzhou
Should know better
The eldest lady should let the lady take a look too
Some money
Just send you to die
You are too cheap
I will make you deserve the punishment you deserve.
Let you go nowhere
Die of Despair
This dress is indeed worthy of our Xueqin
Lin Niannian has some vision
Go and call him over.
I will reward him myself
What are you looking at me for?
Mom told you to call Lin Niannian, are you deaf?
Madam Miss
i
I saw Lin Nian Nian enter the killing room with my own eyes
There is a butler's lesson
I dare not report indiscriminately
Pardon me?
Lin Niannian went to privately seal her brother's room